docs: Add WebdriverIO mentions (#276)
puppeteer/replay: README.md

- [Nightwatch extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nightwatch-chrome-recorde/nhbccjfogdgkahamfohokdhcnemjafjk/) let's you export JSON user flows as [Nightwatch test script](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-recorder-extension). [Nightwatch](https://nightwatchjs.org/) is an end-to-end testing solution for web applications and websites.
- [Testing Library extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/testing-library-recorder/pnobfbfcnoeealajjgnpeodbkkhgiici) let's you export JSON user flows as [Testing Library script](https://github.com/nickmccurdy/testing-library-recorder-extension). [Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/) has simple and complete testing utilities that encourage good testing practices.

> - [WebdriverIO extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/webdriverio-chrome-record/pllimkccefnbmghgcikpjkmmcadeddfn?hl=en&authuser=1) let's you export JSON user flows as [WebdriverIO test script](https://github.com/webdriverio/recorder-extension). [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) is the next-gen browser and mobile automation test framework for Node.js.

Author: ```suggestion
- [WebdriverIO extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/webdriverio-chrome-record/pllimkccefnbmghgcikpjkmmcadeddfn?hl=en&authuser=1) let's you export JSON user flows as [WebdriverIO test script](https://github.com/webdriverio/recorder-extension). [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) is an end-to-end testing solution for web, mobile and IoT applications and websites..
```
